WRP-26628: Kitten browser: Update State and Data management sections (#228)
enactjs/docs: src/pages/docs/tutorials/tutorial-kitten-browser/app-setup/index.md

You might be wondering why the `<img />` tag uses the self-closing syntax (`/>`). This is a requirement imposed by JSX, so whenever you include an element that doesn't have any children, you must either use the self-closing syntax or explicitly close it (`<img src=""></img>`).

Comments in your code are helpful and JSX is no different. Comments in JSX must be within an expression to be correctly parsed by the plugin.

> If you'd like to know more information, see [here](https://react.dev/learn/javascript-in-jsx-with-curly-braces).

Reviewer: It looks better to put the title of the document rather than 'here'.

Author: I changed 'here' to 'JavaScript in JSX with Curly Braces'.

Search for the keywords to learn more about each warning.
To ignore, add // eslint-disable-next-line to the line before.
```

> The `npm run serve` command (aliased as `enact serve`) will build and host your project on a web server. While building the code, it allows ESLint to perform a static analysis of the source code. ESLint helps you to find syntax errors, anti-patterns, and to write the source code in a consistent code style. See [about ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/) for more information. If you only want to run a static analysis of the code you wrote, use `npm run lint` command (aliased as `enact lint`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `npm run serve` command (aliased as `enact serve`) will build and host your project on a web server. While building the code, it allows ESLint to perform a static analysis of the source code. ESLint helps you to find syntax errors, anti-patterns, and to write the source code in a consistent code style. Visit [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for more information. If you only want to run a static analysis of the code you wrote, use `npm run lint` command (aliased as `enact lint`).
```

Reviewer: The link should be an intro page as our intention is to guide readers to find out what ESLint is.

Author: I accepted your suggestion.
